TODO.md, before:

## ToDo

[x] Finish alpha TopMenu
[x] Finish alpha Footer
[x] Finish alpha Home
  [x] Map of Students
  [x] Use real testimonials
[x] Seo titles support
[x] Restore links & quotes
[x] Deploy to en.paqmind.com
[x] Tags are not used for search
[x] Auto-expandable/auto-retractable menu
[x] Map should have rounded corners
[x] Blog page
[x] Post page
[x] Testimonials page
[x] Fix FOUC
[x] Deploy to Vercel
[x] Fix some Carousel bugs
[x] Find a way to fix Typography priority issues
[x] Fix carousel width!
[x] Use Chakra colors
[x] Explore Dark mode
[x] Finish "Chakra for Beginners" course
[x] Start "Modern UIs with Chakra" course
[x] Try dark footer
[x] Try footer scrolling style like on Mantine docs
[x] Collapsible TopMenu with different transitions
[x] Refactor Typography to Typography2
[x] Post metadata
[x] Explore CSS grain effect, CSS blur effect
[x] Initial experiments with Hasura 
[x] Experiment with dbdiagram

[x] 1. Explore Hasura 
[ ] 2. Switch to JWT-based sessions
[ ] 3. Explore Postgtres Adapter
[ ] 4. Get rid of Prisma
[ ] 5. Implement an adapter for Hasura based on 3 existing versions (Hasura, Prisma, Postgres)

## Backlog

[ ] Copy Prisma Adapter and modify it to recognize MDX users
[ ] Modify Prisma Adapter to merge 
[ ] Modify Prisma Adapter to update `lastSeen` field when necessary
[ ] Correct time-to-read, there's some Rehype plugin 
[ ] Auto TOC for blog posts? https://daily-dev-tips.com/posts/adding-a-toc-in-astro/#setting-up-the-framework
[ ] Student map is in Russian. Replace it with a globe of cities like on Vercel, or something...
[ ] Fix carousel height for unequal slide heights
[ ] Fix height for "no posts" case

Commit message:

PostgresAdapter based on a new library "postgres"
The API looks much cleaner than slonik API

TODO.md, after:

## ToDo

[x] Finish alpha TopMenu
[x] Finish alpha Footer
[x] Finish alpha Home
  [x] Map of Students
  [x] Use real testimonials
[x] Seo titles support
[x] Restore links & quotes
[x] Deploy to en.paqmind.com
[x] Tags are not used for search
[x] Auto-expandable/auto-retractable menu
[x] Map should have rounded corners
[x] Blog page
[x] Post page
[x] Testimonials page
[x] Fix FOUC
[x] Deploy to Vercel
[x] Fix some Carousel bugs
[x] Find a way to fix Typography priority issues
[x] Fix carousel width!
[x] Use Chakra colors
[x] Explore Dark mode
[x] Finish "Chakra for Beginners" course
[x] Start "Modern UIs with Chakra" course
[x] Try dark footer
[x] Try footer scrolling style like on Mantine docs
[x] Collapsible TopMenu with different transitions
[x] Refactor Typography to Typography2
[x] Post metadata
[x] Explore CSS grain effect, CSS blur effect
[x] Initial experiments with Hasura 
[x] Experiment with dbdiagram

[x] 1. Explore Hasura 
[x] 2. Switch to JWT-based sessions
[x] 3. Explore Postgtres Adapter
[x] 4. Get rid of Prisma
[x] 5. Explore https://github.com/porsager/postgres -- initially looks great!
[x] 6. Use postgres to make a PostgresAdapter
[ ] 7. Implement an adapter for Hasura based on 3 existing versions (Hasura, Prisma, Postgres)

## Backlog

[ ] Copy Prisma Adapter and modify it to recognize MDX users
[ ] Modify Prisma Adapter to merge 
[ ] Modify Prisma Adapter to update `lastSeen` field when necessary
[ ] Correct time-to-read, there's some Rehype plugin 
[ ] Auto TOC for blog posts? https://daily-dev-tips.com/posts/adding-a-toc-in-astro/#setting-up-the-framework
[ ] Student map is in Russian. Replace it with a globe of cities like on Vercel, or something...
[ ] Fix carousel height for unequal slide heights
[ ] Fix height for "no posts" case
