---
id: 2b89be02-f38d-4da2-ae10-3983bc48dee4
fromAccountId: 122f64b2-657b-4048-8709-ae7bb51f8123 # Serhii Dmytrakov
toAccountId: 96a0c95d-58d3-4a25-b52a-b006d3fc9483
createdAt: 2020-06-05 00:00:11.556380
---

One day I decided to become a fullstack developer and learned VueJS and then ReactJS.
I even got a first job and imagined a bright future ahead. Soon I realized my mistake –
I didn't knew fundamentals, like Async Programming or JavaScript itself and it undermined
my further progress.

Ivan Kleshnin became my mentor, my teacher, and hopefully will become my friend in the future.
As soon as I found his profile, I knew he was the person I'd like to teach me.

Ivan is not only an outstanding developer who knows his job inside and out.
He loves to teach and understands how to do it. To give you just a single fact: after 3 weeks
of Ivan's mentoring I had a breakthrough on my job – closed a bunch of overdue tickes
in just a few days.

Previously, I looked for a 3-rd party libs for each and every problem I encountered. Ivan
didn't only give me good library suggestions, he gave me a confidence to write code – something
I honestly was afraid to do. Now I either write a code or use a library pragmatically, with no
fear. I also praise his code reviews – crystal clear, with necessary examples, no questions remain.

I can't enumerate all the insights I got from Ivan. Right now, I keep learning with him,
feeling satisfied as never. It's not easy to get into his students, but if you do that, you'll
enjoy it!
