---
id: 295bc723-9213-452f-92d0-3fee9e4692fb
fromAccountId: 1265a41e-176f-432b-a66c-c264d777e9e8 # Viktor Kutuzov
toAccountId: 96a0c95d-58d3-4a25-b52a-b006d3fc9483
createdAt: 2020-06-05 00:00:14.556383
---

I have technical (yet unrelated) education and I have never worked in IT. Hovewer, I was always
attracted by this industry. I reached all possible heights at my current job. Seemed like a perfect
time for something new. So I decided to reeducate myself and go into IT. I started with learn.javascript.ru
and quickly realized than design and markup weren't particularly my cups of tea. I continued
with JS and got a plenty of questions. Which direction to go to, what to code, what to learn?

After some time, I decided on mentoring. I don't know why I had chosen Ivan but I even waited
until he was free to accept new students. We worked 2 months: task, brief chat, Skype call once a week.
At first, I was a bit disappointed about the format. Mentor have their own jobs and they aren't ready
to answer your questions 24/7. On the other side, like in a real team, you should think over
and prepare your questions.

As the result, I extensively expanded my kit of technologies and tools and programming
moved from a hobby level to something more professional. I've got a realization how commercial
products are built and what real teamwork looks like. To wrap it up, I certainly see a
qualitative shift in my skills. And the other big plus is my portfolio which I can now
demonstrate to recruiters without a shame.

Ivan and mkdev.me guys helped me with resume, for which the have my extra appreciations.
Right now Ivan helps me to find a job and gives me additional advices. I took a pause
to put my thoughts in order and prepare my resume. I clearly see what I'm going to learn next.
And we'll definitely continue our learning collaboration with Ivan and Paqmind.

